Hi, welcome to my channel Askar Setiawan
Okay, in this video I want to share the Adobe Photoshop CC 2019 application
version 20.0.4
Well, if you want to download this Adobe Photoshop CC 2019
As usual, fill in your name and email address in the google form in the description
There are two kinds of links
one link for windows 7 and Windows 8 users
and the other one is for Windows 10 users
Okay after you fill in the form
The download link will be sent automatically to the email address you entered in the Google Form Form
And, for how to install it, I think you already know how to install the application
after you download
The next step is that you need to extract the file first
and enter my legend password,
namely ASKAR2000.
Well, after the installation process is complete,
you just run the application
Well.., that's it for this video
like this video if you like it
Good Bye